Hello and welcome to this Excel pivot tables for beginners scores.
My name is Abdomen Abdul,
and I will be your instructor on this scores so a little bit about myself.
I have a degree in chemical engineering and I have five years of experience is a data
analyst and 10 years overall experience in Excel on.
I've also been an online instructor since 2015 mainly teaching Microsoft Excel,
and I'm a certified Microsoft Excel expert.
So who should take this course?
So this course is geared towards both beginners who want to learn pivot tables in excel
from scratch and also intermediate users who want to increase their knowledge in pivot
tables by learning the secrets that can make you get the best out of your pivot tables.
So you can either start learning pivot tables from scratch using this course.
Or you could watch certain parts of the course in order to learn the secrets of pivot
tables to be able to get better at using pivot tables for data analysis.
So let's speak about the contents off the course.
First of all,
we're gonna learn the basic self pivot tables.
So how to insert a pivot table and also how to prepare your data for being analyzed by a
pivot table in order to get the best out of your pivot tables.
We're also going to learn about fields and calculated columns.
We're going to learn about grouping,
sorting,
filtering,
and we're also going to learn about slices and slices.
Guys are a very important tool in pivot tables that can enable you to get the best out of
your pivot tables.
We're also gonna learn about calculated fields and calculated items were gonna also learn
about pivot charts,
and we're gonna have some data analysis,
case studies and,
ah,
homework or an assignment in order for you to practice what you learn in the course.
So that's it,
guys,
thank you so much for watching this introduction lecture,
and I'm very excited to start this course with you.
So without further ado,
let's get started